%% Preface chapter
%% author Liu Peng

This document is my master's thesis of \textit{Communications and Engineering
Networking} at Aalto University. All research and development of this thesis was
conducted at Tuxera Inc. in Helsinki from January 2013 to June 2014. Tuxera is a
high-tech startup that develop kernel-level file system and multimedia solutions
for leading software, hardware and electronics companies.
Duration this project I worked together with my colleagues at Tuxera, I started
to work on DLNA project for the first few months during which period I learned
DLNA architecture and made a research about Digital Media Server solutions.
After that I worked on an Android project to develop a universal solution for
multimedia home networking.

\subsection*{Acknowledgements}
First of all, I would like to thank the Streambels team at Tuxera, whom I worked
together throughout the project. I would like to thank Karthik Ramakrishna, our
lead developer. Every week he helped solving out problems with the project,
no matter the question is theoretical or technical, he always answered my
questions. As our project manager, Oscar Santolalla helped us with
organisational problems we encountered and taught us to look at things from a
end user perspective as well. Sakari Tanskanen, our mobile developer helped us
by integrating Chromecast and FireTV support to Stremabels. Nadir Javed, our
quality assurance engineer helped us with the quality management and testing of
potential bugs before releasing the product to end users. Karolina Mosiadz, our
PR helped to listen to user's ton's of feedback everyday and provide unique
insights in improving Streambels. Hien Le, our UX designer helped us to develop
a very handy user interface. And special thanks to Mikko Valimaki and Szabolcs
Szakacsits who lead the company and gave me the opportunity to participate in
this great project. Without them, I would not have been able to finish this
report.

I thank my university supervisor Raimo Kantola, who helped me to develop a good
thesis topic based on my project and helped me with initial problem description.
I got great support from him with his critique and useful advice, especially
during the middle and final peroid, when I wrote the report.

Finally, I thank everybody who supported me during my graduation work,
especially my family, friends and house-mates.
